MAINTAINERS-GUIDE: update page, add new Transparency section (#10818)
tldr-pages/tldr: contributing-guides/maintainers-guide.md

- If a PR fails to get a review from a second maintainer after a few days,
  the first maintainer should ping others for review. If it still lingers around
  for **over a week without a second maintainer’s approval**,

>   the first maintainer (if Owner) can go ahead and merge it. Or else, a message
>   can be sent in the chatroom asking other maintainers to review the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the first maintainer (if Owner) can go ahead and merge it. Otherwise, a message
  can be sent in the chatroom asking other maintainers to review the PR.
```

  use the `Squash and merge` method.
  (Don't forget to clean up the body of the squashed commit message.)
  If instead, the PR author took the time to craft
  individual, informative messages for each commit,
  then use the `Rebase and merge` method,
  to honor that work and preserve the history of the changes.
  For less clear-cut cases, a simple heuristic you can follow
  is that if there are more "dirty" commits than "clean" commits,
  then prefer squash, else do a rebase.

- Although having push access allows committing directly to the repository to all branches (except main),
  please **create pull requests for all of your changes**.
  This ensures that the entire process that regular contributors go through
  is also exposed to maintainers,
  who can then identify and address bottlenecks or inconveniences.
  Similarly, **avoid merging your own PRs** unless approved by other maintainers.

- At the last week of October, all applicable PRs that wouldn't get merged
 in time can be labeled as `hacktoberfest-accepted`.

## III. Transparency

- All non-confidential requests/mail made/sent on behalf of the project

>  should be documented as an issue with the [archive](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/labels/archive) label

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 should be documented as an issue with the [archive](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/issues?q=label%3Aarchive) label
```

Perhaps this link is better? That way, it takes the reader to both open and closed issues, rather than just the open ones.
